Documentation for Release 2023.2.0.0
<Dated : 13-May-2023>
<Type : Documentation>
<Type-Description : A Guide for understanding the Project Funcionalities and Features>

Below are the mentioned deatils about the Application Features and Funcionalities.

1. Create a Task
The user can create a task by adding the text content of maximum 40 characters.
Clicking on the "Add Task" button will add the task into the Task List.

2. Search a Task
The user can search a task by entering upto maximum 40 characters in the Search Task Bar.
The reults of search function will contain the tasks which have matching characters in their text content.

3. Rearrange the Task List
The user can rearrange the task list by simply holding and dragging the task with mouse pointer.
The list will now be updated with the last order given by the user.

4. Mark the Task as done 
The user can mark a task as done by clicking on the "Check Mark" icon to the left of the task.
The task can be marked as undone by again clicking the "Check Mark" icon.

5. Set Reminder for the Task
The user can set reminders for the task by clicking on the "Caledar" icon and set a due date for that task.
The due dates will be displayed on the right of each task.
If the due for a task is passed then the the date will be highlighted in yellow color for indication.

6. Edit the Task
The user can edit a task by clicking on the "Edit" icon.
On edit action completion, by clicking the "Update" button the task can be viewed in the task list,
with the updated text content

7. Delete the Task
The user can delete a task by clicking on the "Delete" icon.
Post clicking the "Delete" icon the task will be removed from the task list.
The deleted cannot be recovered once deletion is complete.

8.Menu Bar
8.1 "Menu" icon
On clicking the "Menu" icon Sidebar Menu will be displayed.

8.2 "Close" icon
On clicking the "Close" icon Sidebar Menu will be disappeared.

8.3 "Done" Option
This Option will display all the tasks which are marked as completed in the Task List.

8.4 "Pending" Option
This Option will display all the tasks which are marked as un-completed in the Task List.

8.5 "Show All" Option
This Option will display all the tasks which are in the Task List.

8.6 "Clear All" Option
This Option will delete all the tasks in the Task List.

